Who painted this painting?
That's the snag.
I don't know him.
I liked this film.
She's rolling in money.
It's not important.
I don't care.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
Look carefully. I'm going to show you how it's done.
People should understand that the world is changing.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
I don't like these remarks.
I'm going to take my car.
To be quiet in class is to respect other people's sleep.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
The early bird catches the worm.
In life there are ups and downs.
All cats are grey in the dark.
Teach me how you do it.
No news is good news.
Wealth comes to those who make things happen, not to those who let things happen.
I was expecting it!
The world is divided into people who get things done, and people who get the credit.
I don't expect anything from you.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
There's no doubt.
I didn't know he drank so much.
It's well done.
He's a good person.
There's no love without jealousy.
There was not a bloody soul.
We are cut from the same cloth.
The walls have ears.
I've got a frog in my throat.
Make yourself at home.
In general, little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations.
At this stage there is still not a clear energy policy for bringing decentralised power to rural areas.
Why aren't you coming with us?
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
You can't get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
I don't want it anymore.
He came several times.
We wonder why.
We must think about friends.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
I knew he would accept.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
This is the town I told you about.
This is the boy I think about.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
Hi, I just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed.
I went to drink a beer with friends.
He jumped out the window.
Yesterday we had fun.
They quarreled.
I ate caviar.
He changed a lot since the last time.
This knife was very useful to me.
You took the wrong key.
How much is it?
I'll bring you the bill immediately.
Did you leave a tip?
Don't forget the ticket.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
They don't even know why.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately.
Who is coming with me?
I want to know who is coming with us.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
On your feet, children!
I talked to friends.
This girl changed her look.
I'm glad to see you back.
You changed a lot.
Those who know him like him.
Tell me what happened.
They are sensible girls.
How beautiful you are!
He told me he would go to Venice.
Who are those guys?
I don't agree with him.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
In a town you may pass unnoticed, whereas in a village it's impossible.
Who said that? It's totally wrong!
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."
You've given me your cold.
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
They will never accept; it's too far.
Her garden is a work of art.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
Forget it. It's not worth it.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
You need not telephone me.
Brian repeatedly told Chris that he owed him a pretty large amount of money.
How dare you say such a thing to me?
I brought you a little something.
He's moving in with his girlfriend.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
Could you do me a favour please?
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
She is mad at me.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
"Do you have any siblings?" "No, I'm an only child."
Her eyes were shining with joy.
You are to come with me.
You have to come with me.
Are you angry at what I said?
Can you justify the use of violence?
You are a busy man, so I will adjust myself to your schedule.
Can you do bookkeeping?
You have no sense of direction.
You must practice grammar.
You had better go to the infirmary.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
You should pay your rent in advance.
You must keep your room clean.
You are wavering.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
Your undaunted spirit will carry you through.
You should take care of your sick mother.
You have to learn standard English.
Have you ever traveled in a plane?
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
You are idle to the bone.
You are tired, aren't you?
Are you not tired?
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
You should have acted on her advice.
You are treading on her corns.
I think that you ought to apologize to her.
Just a minute.
You asked after her? What did she say?
Did you meet her?
Do you want to see her very much?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
You were taken in by her.
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
You should have told him the truth.
You should restore the money he lost to him.
You should tell him the truth.
You ought to ask him for advice.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
You need only ask him to pay the debt.
You told him that he should have a reward.
I don't think you can gain his ear.
You can trust him to keep his word.
I'm certain of your success.
What subject do you think he is interested in?
You're coming with us now.
Do you like fish?
Could you please call him into the meeting?
What a fine day it is!
Can I have a bite?
May I ask you to do me a favor?
If you are to do it, you must make a good start.
How formal is this ceremony?
Do me the favor of coming.
Will you open the door?
What is that building whose door is painted white?
The peak rises above the clouds.
Does that include everything?
Didn't you visit the park?
The rule holds good in this case.
Will Jane sing?
I'm still alive, and that's the main thing, Father says.
A computer can calculate very rapidly.
May I use this?
Where would you like me to put this?
May I borrow this book?
Will this road take me to the station?
Would you like another cup of coffee?
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt!
May I ask some questions?
Shall I get some for you?
Will you show me your album?
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
Does the 19 bus go to Main Street?
How long have you been dating?
Does this mean you're not coming to help?
My wife is subject to moods.
When I was a child, I would often call on him on Sunday.
Be quiet while I'm speaking.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
Will you make room for me?
I never try to go to there.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
Do you have a course for beginners?
Where's the newspaper?
Can someone take our picture?
Whoever calls, tell him I'm out.
Can you give me directions to the subway station?
My little brother says that he had a dreadful dream last night.
Could you put your seat back up a little?
What is the matter with him?
He must have studied English hard.
What time did he ask for your response?
He has been writing poems since this morning.
They like to play in the snow.
Could you show me another one, please?
Be sure and call me tonight.
If you were to quit your job, what would you do?
If a tiger should come out of the cage, what would you do?
Can you tell if it will rain tomorrow?
Don't fail to come here by the appointed time.
I've lost about 80 cents.
Are we having company tonight?
How can I get to gate A-1?
How many are in your party?
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
I came here yesterday.
He bailed on us just when we needed him.
Have you recently taken a trip anywhere?
Where can I mail these letters?
Which sports do you like?
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
My printer's black ink is defective; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger.
Did you just get to know him?
Can I stay with you? I was kicked out of my house because I didn't pay the rent.
Do you have a points card?
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost?
How could this happen? I thought you were on the pill.
What's your favorite thing about Hawaii?
What's your favorite snack food?
What is it about?
Don't worry. You can confide in me.
Do you feel birthdays are important?
What do the prisoners eat?
What don't you know?!
Where was Tom when the fire broke out?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes?
Tom, could you keep an eye on the kids?
Could you help me wash the dishes?
Why don't you drop in?
Did you know that men can get breast cancer?
I can't keep up with you. Could you dictate a bit slower?
I'm broken.
What would he know?
Where would you go if you could time travel?
Why don't you go home?
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
If he had worked harder, he could have succeeded.
Don't let the dog inside.
How much time do we have?
What are the men doing?
Where can I find them?
Can I see you a moment?
This is the first time I've ever needed help.
Have you tried it before?
Have your ever followed the White Rabbit to its hole?
When was the last time you drank this?
When will you go to Germany?
How do you want to be polite with people like him?
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
Can you remember that last time you ate ravioli?
Could you make sure Tom does his homework?
Why should I hire you?
May I assist you?
I can't just turn my back on Tom.
Did he say that?
What did he see?
I want to know who did that.
Don't tell me if you don't want to.
Why won't you play with me?
Could you lend me your pink pen, please?
Do you refer to me?
You've invited your friends as well?
Why don't you give me a break?
Show me the picture.
Can you cancel?
Can you help?
Don't hurt anybody.
It isn't locked.
Who's giving the main speech?
What comes next?
Who lost it?
Would you step aside?
Don't worry. Everything will be fine.
Why did you volunteer to do this?
Can you come tomorrow?
Tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak French well.
He says that he will come tomorrow.
Maybe you could draw me a map?
Would you like to grab a bite to eat somewhere?
Would you take Tom to Boston with you?
Are you recording this conversation?
Tom won't even know we were here.
I'd know if you were lying.
I'm the boss, aren't I?
Do you want to drink a perfect cocktail?
Do you care who helps us?
Why are you whispering?
What did you do before?
Tom wanted it this way.
May I have the floor?
The culture was completely different from the one she was used to.
He had bought a dog.
Why am I so sleepy?
When do you think the Philippines will host the Olympic Games?
If you want it, you can have it.
Tom doesn't have any close friends.
Do you think Tom is handsome?
You quit your job, didn't you?
What would you suggest that I do?
What made you say that?
Do you want to learn English?
How can you say that to me?
Write your surname on the fourth line.
How many years has Tom lived in Boston?
I met my boyfriend there.
If we didn't satisfy your expectations, that's your problem.
And what if he rejects me?
It would be good if Tom did a little more exercise.
Would you mind if I ask you a few questions?
Would you fancy a game of Japanese chess?
You went to Boston, right?
Tom does have a certain charm, doesn't he?
You're students, aren't you?
Can't you see we're on a break?
Would you please take me home?
You're going to be bored if you go.
We ate at a restaurant just outside Boston.
Who gave that order?
Could you give me just a moment?
Why would anyone dye their hair pink?
Do you think you're handsome?
Have you tried taking a sleeping pill?
Tom, may I speak with you?
I think Tom really likes me.
How can we contact you?
Have you had any lunch?
Would you mind not talking about your surgery now - I'm trying to eat.
Tom told me you had stopped by.
Can you tell us what Tom did?
When are you going to tell her?
Did you tell Tom I was having trouble?
Who is going to coordinate our activity if we don't do it for ourselves?
Do you love your children?
Why do you hate me so much?
Hey… did you hear the news?
Can you loan him some money?
Can you loan her some money?
I do not understand Tom's ostensible contempt for satorial concerns of his peers.
How could I forget something like that?
What's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school?
Can you freeze it?
Can I ask a favor?
Can you help me down?
Can you excuse me a second?
Can you shut the door on your way out?
Were you surprised to see Tom?
Can I chat with you outside for a second?
Who took care of you?
Tom is a troublemaker, isn't he?
Tom asked me if he could borrow my car.
Am I still in charge here?
Did Tom say that I said that?
Tom says he's sorry about what happened yesterday.
If the opposition were to win, it would not entail a radical departure from current policies.
Do you believe in evolution?
Do you want to tag along?
Tom is pretty good at singing.
Tom wouldn't have married Mary if he'd known she had spent time in prison.
May I have the menu and the wine list?
Does she have an opinion about this?
What's the matter, love?
Even Tom grinned.
Remind me to thank Tom the next time I see him.
There are more of those in the drawer.
Are you really sure?
Is Tom still asleep?
Why don't you eat meat?
You can do this, can't you?
Are we really in 2015?
Have you made a list yet?
Why did you poison Tom?
Tom probably thought I was thirsty.
Tell me if it isn't so.
Could I just have a minute?
Why won't you look at me?
Would you help me move these beer kegs.
Do you not want me here?
What's Tom running from?
What do you need me for?
How soon can you get that done?
The earthquake left the city looking like a war zone.
How do skunks scream?
May I speak with her?
Can I go with him?
What do you want them for?
Will you tell her?
Did you show her your pictures?
Are you going to see him?
I didn't say I persuaded them.
Can you make them smile?
What made you so mad?
Let's let them try that again.
Why did they fire her?
What didn't you like about me?
Would you tell Tom I'm here?
Have you lost the key of your house?
The Earth orbits around the Sun. It takes one year to go around the Sun one complete time.
How will you solve the problem?
When do you know me from?
Wasn't there anything they could do for you?
What am I supposed to think?
What do you like on your salad?
Are you saying Tom was right?
How long were you in prison?
Would you mind if I ask why not?
Did you really expect Tom to read it?
Would you lend me a hand?
Are you just going to sit here and not do anything?
If your wife cheated on you, thank God she only cheated on you and did not betray the country.
Don't believe everything you hear! Don't like everything you see! Don't say everything you know! Don't do everything you want!
What were your favorite subjects in school?
Who is that guy, anyway?
What were they eating?
Can you help out?
Is it simple enough?
Would you trust them?
Did you offer Tom any assistance?
Why do you hang out with Tom?
Is this really allowed?
Mary chewed on her nails.
Tom can study in my office if he wants to.
When did you buy this bicycle?
Do not do this!
Have you ever seen one?
Pray, of what land or lineage should I rightly call you?
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast.
Can you explain how Tom died?
Can you jump rope?
Aren't cookies delicious?
Why would you say such an awful thing?
She was the last guest.
If the devil is powerless, he sends his wife.
You understand why, don't you?
Tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife.
This song makes me homesick.
Where is the next shop?
Who built this thing, anyway?
We've got a real good car.
What good are you people?
It must've been destiny.
Do you have cellulite?
Could she be Tom's daughter?
When Tom was a boy, he lived near a swamp and created his own zoo.
How did you persuade Tom to help us?
What do you usually do on Friday night?
Did Tom really tell Mary not to come here tomorrow?
Would you like to play with us, Jim?
Tom insulted me.
How tough is your job?
How exactly did this happen?
Do you think I look happy?
Were you able to convince Tom to help us?
I'm going to go to the bank. Can you watch the gratin?
What happened after Tom disappeared?
The air in this city is very polluted.
How much is that VR headset?
You can't do that by yourself, can you?
Did Tom figure that out by himself?
Do you think that's wrong?
Who's going to do that?
Why didn't you answer your cell phone?
Do you know why I need to do that?
Are you sure this isn't some kind of mistake?
How much will Tom pay you to do that?
The set for this first staged presentation was a cutaway two-story house by Michael Anania .
`` As technology progresses , we adopt it , '' said GSX Vice President Roger Davis .
`` Have we forgotten our children were killed , too ? ''
... With the stones , we get rid of the enemy . ''
Rather , he asked a question: `` Are we doing a good enough job teaching our children what America is and what she represents in the long history of the world ? ''
Do n't wait -- a savings institution needs your help now !
Let 's just take that .
`` Now it 's different .
They have to worry about marketing , everything , just like any other businessman . ''
`` If there is no political solution now , Vietnam will withdraw all its troops in 1990 .
Bush bailed out over the water but his two crew members were lost .
`` Is there something rotten in the kingdom of museums ? ''
When the shuttle does begin flying non-essential passengers again , NASA said , a teacher will be the first .
If I have any confessions to make , I will make them to a priest .
According to an account in the New Republic last May 23 , Bennett repeatedly urged the Pentagon and then-Attorney General Edwin Meese to unleash the U.S. military against foreign drug traffickers .
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour .
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back .
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ?
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning: You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you .
In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA .
Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ?
" If true , " the court wrote , " this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds . "
If I sell now , I 'll take a big loss . "
When the uniformed men had finished killing Cecilio , they went back to his house to demand food and his weapon .
When the guerrillas kill civilians , they usually announce it on their clandestine Radio Venceremos .
Some have been jailed since the first years after the 1959 revolution .
Because tritium decays at a rate of 5.5 percent a year , it needs to be regularly replenished to keep warheads at peak explosive power .
1989 has begun for Soviets with Mikhail S. Gorbachev warning them not to expect `` manna from heaven '' and a multitude of signs - from barren shop shelves to astrology - heralding another hard year in the building of communism .
According to Radio Moscow , enterprises that account for 60 percent of Soviet industrial output have been on `` self-accounting '' since January 1988 .
`` Stocks of barley and oats would tend to build modestly if production returns to normal , and prices probably will fall . ''
Soghum output `` is likely to rebound '' this year if yields are normal , although total use may continue to exceed production , Hull said .
What would you do ? ''
What does the future hold ?
On Wednesday , two American F-14s shot down two Libyan jet fighters .
The only nation that so far seems unaffected by the East European travel boom is Romania , whose 23 million citizens have scarce opportunity to journey abroad .
`` If we refuse and reject negotiations with the Russians , we will be blamed by the world , '' Mojaddidi said .
`` What is going to happen ?
Test results to determine if the second custodian at Hunterdon Central Regional High School has the disease should be available in about five days , said Marilyn Riley , state Health Department spokeswoman .
At one time , U.S. diplomats got into hot water if they clinked teacups with members of the PLO , but now the State Department has switched signals .
He is expected to rework the lame-duck budget Reagan will be sending to Congress on Monday .
But it does call into profound question his judgment , in particular his willingness to turn a blind eye to the background and beliefs of notorious colleagues if they share his anti-communism . ''
Affadavits showed that Parkin , Berlin and Savaides had planned at one time to divide $150,000 from Teledyne .
She did not have details of the inmates ' injuries .
His whereabouts were unknown until he applied for refugee status in Montreal sometime before Jan. 1 , claiming that his life would be in danger if he was forced to return to the Soviet Union , the Canadian Broadcast Corp. reported .
Official trade unions have pledged to strike and mount other protests if wage and social reforms fail to offset price increases planned by the government , a union newspaper said Saturday .
The only fire house in the rural community was destroyed and the only school was heavily damaged , according to Grounds .
Police in the county of Derbyshire reported several bodies scattered on each side of the highway .
Both parties operate unofficially in Hong Kong .
If the debts are repaid , it could clear the way for Soviet bonds to be sold in the U.S .
`` People wondered , ` If you spin up the pulsar with a companion , where is the companion ? ' '' said Fruchter .
`` Did he say he had the murders done ? ''
In Vienna , a deal was struck between Turkey and the Soviet Union .
One top adviser who turned down an offer of a White House job after weeks of agonizing was pollster Robert M. Teeter , who informed Bush that for personal and family considerations he preferred to remain in Michigan .
`` It 's a program we 've run a winning national campaign on , a program ratified in the light of intense national examination . ''
`` What we need to know before Congress can go to work is what George Bush wants in his defense budget .
Revenue rose 42% to $133.7 million from $94 million .
Last month , Italy 's state television broadcast an interview with Contorno that was conducted at an undisclosed location in the United States .
If by that he meant women , so far , he has fallen short .
The previous record was $10 million , he said .
`` If I thought this would make it difficult for the family , I would n't do it , '' he said .
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
What is Spumante ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
What is the executor in a will ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Name a Gaelic language .
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
How can I find online spelling ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What does gringo mean ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What does 7847+5943 equal ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
Name four famous cartoon cats .
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
How far can you see ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
What is AFS ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
Define cosmology .
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
Name a female figure skater .
Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
How can you define time ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
Name four comic strips about pilots .
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
Who wrote The Collector ?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
What 's a Craps player called ?
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
" But for such a work you must have needed books--had you any ? "
" You ? "
" Sinbad the Sailor ? " he said .
he asked of Franz .
All they would do was to give me a loaded pistol lest we were attacked , and to promise to have horses ready saddled in case we were pursued on our return , while one lad was to ride forward to the doctor 's in search of armed assistance .
' Who 's that ? ' says one .
Castruccio was received in great honour by Frederick , and many privileges were conferred upon him , and he was appointed the emperor 's lieutenant in Tuscany .
Now , can you tell me whether it is actually true that Mr. Rochester has asked you to marry him ?
The ventriloquist 's voice repeated his distich : --
To follow to the slope is to arrive at the river .
" Can you change me a hundred-dollar bill ? " he demanded .
I went on with my explanation , and told her how I had hoped to complete the transaction out of my means , but how in this I was disappointed .
" So you did .
What effect may be produced by this partial reform , must be left to further experience .
Estimating the negroes in the proportion of three fifths , it can scarcely be doubted that the population of the United States will by that time , if it does not already , amount to three millions .
And how far does this combination characterize the plan which has been reported by the convention ?
Would you say that knowledge is a faculty , or in what class would you place it ?
He will connect himself well if he can . "
" Ca n't you see your ideal in it ? " said Dorian bitterly .
It was better not to think of the past .
I say to my friend , Suppose we try who will get there first .
Could make out several words , but cannot now remember all .
VALDEMAR
Have I ? "
" A-a-h ! Yes , I remember ....
" What lies ! " he cried impudently , " why , how could you , standing by the window , see the note ?
How would you decide which of them was to die ? I ask you ? "
But what can I tell you ?
It was not long before the witch came striding up towards them , and said to the musician : ' Dear musician , may I pluck that beautiful flower for myself ? '
The time soon came , when the eldest brother thought that he would make haste to go to the princess , and say that he was the one who had set her free , and that he should have her for his wife , and the kingdom with her .
If he is standing before Brunn ... "
" Now , what are you pestewing me for ? " cried Denisov , suddenly losing his temper .
" Oh , how can you sleep ?
" How can you know ?
" Yes , she 's fast enough , " replied Nicholas , and thought : " If only a full-grown hare would cross the field now I 'd show you what sort of borzoi she is , " and turning to his groom , he said he would give a ruble to anyone who found a hare .
I wish success to your mission , " and with his embroidered red mantle , his flowing feathers , and his glittering ornaments , he rejoined his suite who were respectfully awaiting him .
What could I have lost ?
" We do n't expect to get him home alive !
One of the generals was reporting to him where the guns and prisoners had been captured .
Dost not think of murdering the officers when thou gettest to sea ? "
" How can you presume to do such deeds ? " the monk asked suddenly , pointing solemnly and significantly at Lise .
If that 's all , you 've reassured me .
Shall we go over and have a look at it , eh ?
How could I dare to keep it back from him ?
He visits princes , though he is only a peasant corrupted .
Were you a cavalry officer ? " put in Kalganov at once .
She became prudent and saved money .
Do you remember that thing he wrote ...? "
" Then I understand that on your arrival in London yesterday you went out at once and bought a pair of boots ? "
The doctor , taking hold of the youth 's now standing prick , asked if it had ever behaved so badly before the scene with his pretty young cousin .
" Well I might if I liked,"--but I did not .
To Thy grace I ascribe it , and to Thy mercy , that Thou hast melted away my sins as it were ice .
And who has any right to speak against it , if just punishment follow the sinner ?
I saw all .
Oh Europe !
" How could I tell you before I started ?
Will you do me that favour ? "
She stood and stared at him for a minute , looking both surprised and displeased , then walked on , saying sharply , " How do you know ? "
" That is proof that he is sharp , " remarked the Lion .
' Well !
" Po ' little chap . "
There is himself , Earnshaw , Zillah , Joseph and I.  Which would you have ? '
But do you imagine that I shall leave Catherine to his _duty_ and _humanity_ ? and can you compare my feelings respecting Catherine to his ?
What on earth do you mean ?