care for a smoke ?
what do you do with you camera ?
if i would know the truth , i would have tell it to you .
margaret , what comment can i make on the untimely extinction of this glorious spirit ?
you must work more .
name a fly mammal .
i be go to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
you can rely on he .
what be behind the door ?
why do you want to leave today ?
how can anyone tell if a female have sexual intercourse ?
`` could you do this instead of i ? '' `` sorry , i be too busy . ''
u.s. district judge gerhard gesell be expect to act on walsh 's request this week .
can you prevent it ?
where can i find a case on individual with disability education act of 1991 ?
you can understand french , right ?
i want you to tell i the truth .
do you believe in guide star ?
who be the actress bette davis once say she wish she look like ?
the dog trace the rabbit into the forest .
do you think i do it ?
we be what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be .
what be the name of my doctor ?
`` maybe this time he will finally get it straight : whenever he threaten american force , we will defend ourselves . ''
how do you like the food at that restaurant ?
since you look tired , you have better take a rest .
when do tony study ?
ah ! if i be rich , i would buy myself a house in spain .
do you have a solution ?
i reflect for some time , and then answer as if i have discover a new idea , '' i mean pretty well . ''
`` we try very hard to keep some of the hotel in a decent state so the foreign investor can come in .
can you miss the present moment ?
you can not expect much of he .
the cfm56 use on 737 have be in service for about five year .
i could not say when exactly in my life it occur to i that i would be a pilot someday .
let 's try something .
could you exchange it with another one ?
if you see a man approach you with the obvious intention of do you good , you should run for you life .
name the two mystical raven odin have at he command .
what be you think about ? ''
do not give i that crap !
you can rely on she .
'' ah , you see -- ''
it be rain when we leave , but by the time we arrive , it be sunny .
do you have any rock cd ?
be this you first convention ?
the president 's bowl rest on a 14-pound , beveled , lead glass plinth , or flat base .
it say all refugee boat be permit to land and that arrival be take to a special camp in cooperation with the u.n. high commissioner for refugees .
can you keep a secret ?
it be ok with i if you take that book .
be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
how can anyone tell if a female have sexual intercourse ?
can you tell the position of the room ? what be those latticed window at this end ? ''
name a tiger that be extinct .
have you be there ?
how do a hurricane form ?
it be not serious , i do not bear he a grudge .
i could not sleep on the plane .
who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek play .
we leave by train .
when a u.s. ambassador sit down with a plo delegation for the first official meeting in 13 year , sweden score a triumph for a foreign policy variously describe as magnanimous or meddlesome .
he have be warn on several occasion .
nothing great have be achieve by play it safe .
should he be give another chance , he would do he best .
be you my mommy ?
how fast he run !
will you parent let you stay home today ?
have tom be fight with mary ?
name a gaelic language .
can not you just picture ed in woman 's disguise ?
i manage to get in .
'' who have make i a judge over they ? '' be all he say , smilingly , to alyosha .
how can anyone tell if a female have sexual intercourse ?
be you the runner who escape the underground city ?
you do not worry .
do you think tom can speak french ?
do you want fruit juice ?
name the fast food chain with the golden arch .
ask trang if he be go out this evening .
what curriculum do fadil use to teach arabic ?
enjoy you meal !
what do goldfish lose if keep in dimly-lit or run water ?
'' you be not asleep ? ''
what be wrong with this plan ?
tom seem somewhat annoy by that .
i can not believe my eye .
how be you get along ?
can you prove which be the original language of you holy writings ?
do you know of a dish that have laurel leave in it ?
