care for a smoke ?
what did you do with your camera ?
if i 'd known the truth , i would 've told it to you .
margaret , what comment can i make on the untimely extinction of this glorious spirit ?
you must work more .
name a flying mammal .
i 'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
you can rely on him .
what 's behind the door ?
why do you want to leave today ?
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
`` could you do this instead of me ? '' `` sorry , i 'm too busy . ''
u.s. district judge gerhard gesell is expected to act on walsh 's request this week .
can you prevent it ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
you can understand french , right ?
i want you to tell me the truth .
do you believe in guiding stars ?
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
the dog traced the rabbit into the forest .
do you think i did it ?
we are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be .
what 's the name of my doctor ?
`` maybe this time he will finally get it straight : whenever he threatens american forces , we will defend ourselves . ''
how did you like the food at that restaurant ?
since you look tired , you had better take a rest .
when does tony study ?
ah ! if i were rich , i 'd buy myself a house in spain .
do you have a solution ?
i reflected for some time , and then answered as if i had discovered a new idea , '' i mean pretty well . ''
`` we try very hard to keep some of the hotels in a decent state so the foreign investors can come in .
can you miss the present moment ?
you can not expect much of him .
the cfm56s used on 737s have been in service for about five years .
i could n't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that i would be a pilot someday .
let 's try something .
could you exchange it with another one ?
if you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good , you should run for your life .
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
what are you thinking about ? ''
do n't give me that crap !
you can rely on her .
'' ah , you see -- ''
it was raining when we left , but by the time we arrived , it was sunny .
do you have any rock cds ?
is this your first convention ?
the president 's bowl rests on a 14-pound , beveled , lead glass plinth , or flat base .
it said all refugee boats were permitted to land and that arrivals were taken to a special camp in cooperation with the u.n. high commissioner for refugees .
can you keep a secret ?
it 's ok with me if you take that book .
be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
can you tell the position of the rooms ? what are those latticed windows at this end ? ''
name a tiger that is extinct .
have you been there ?
how does a hurricane form ?
it 's not serious , i do n't bear him a grudge .
i could n't sleep on the plane .
who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
we left by train .
when a u.s. ambassador sat down with a plo delegation for the first official meeting in 13 years , sweden scored a triumph for a foreign policy variously described as magnanimous or meddlesome .
he has been warned on several occasions .
nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe .
should he be given another chance , he would do his best .
are you my mommy ?
how fast he runs !
will your parents let you stay home today ?
has tom been fighting with mary ?
name a gaelic language .
ca n't you just picture ed in woman 's disguise ?
i managed to get in .
'' who has made me a judge over them ? '' was all he said , smilingly , to alyosha .
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
are you the runner who escaped the underground city ?
you do n't worry .
do you think tom can speak french ?
do you want fruit juice ?
name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
ask trang if he 's going out this evening .
what curriculum does fadil use to teach arabic ?
enjoy your meal !
what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
'' you 're not asleep ? ''
what 's wrong with this plan ?
tom seemed somewhat annoyed by that .
i ca n't believe my eyes .
how are you getting along ?
can you prove which was the original language of your holy writings ?
do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it ?
