Care for a smoke ?
What did you do with your camera ?
If I 'd known the truth , I would 've told it to you .
Margaret , what comment can I make on the untimely extinction of this glorious spirit ?
You must work more .
Name a flying mammal .
I 'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
You can rely on him .
What 's behind the door ?
Why do you want to leave today ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
`` Could you do this instead of me ? '' `` Sorry , I 'm too busy . ''
U.S. District Judge Gerhard Gesell is expected to act on Walsh 's request this week .
Can you prevent it ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
You can understand French , right ?
I want you to tell me the truth .
Do you believe in guiding stars ?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
The dog traced the rabbit into the forest .
Do you think I did it ?
We are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be .
What 's the name of my doctor ?
`` Maybe this time he will finally get it straight : Whenever he threatens American forces , we will defend ourselves . ''
How did you like the food at that restaurant ?
Since you look tired , you had better take a rest .
When does Tony study ?
Ah ! If I were rich , I 'd buy myself a house in Spain .
Do you have a solution ?
I reflected for some time , and then answered as if I had discovered a new idea , '' I mean pretty well . ''
`` We try very hard to keep some of the hotels in a decent state so the foreign investors can come in .
Can you miss the present moment ?
You can not expect much of him .
The CFM56s used on 737s have been in service for about five years .
I could n't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that I would be a pilot someday .
Let 's try something .
Could you exchange it with another one ?
If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good , you should run for your life .
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What are you thinking about ? ''
Do n't give me that crap !
You can rely on her .
'' Ah , you see -- ''
It was raining when we left , but by the time we arrived , it was sunny .
Do you have any rock CDs ?
Is this your first convention ?
The president 's bowl rests on a 14-pound , beveled , lead glass plinth , or flat base .
It said all refugee boats were permitted to land and that arrivals were taken to a special camp in cooperation with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees .
Can you keep a secret ?
It 's OK with me if you take that book .
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
Can you tell the position of the rooms ? What are those latticed windows at this end ? ''
Name a tiger that is extinct .
Have you been there ?
How does a hurricane form ?
It 's not serious , I do n't bear him a grudge .
I could n't sleep on the plane .
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
We left by train .
When a U.S. ambassador sat down with a PLO delegation for the first official meeting in 13 years , Sweden scored a triumph for a foreign policy variously described as magnanimous or meddlesome .
He has been warned on several occasions .
Nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe .
Should he be given another chance , he would do his best .
Are you my mommy ?
How fast he runs !
Will your parents let you stay home today ?
Has Tom been fighting with Mary ?
Name a Gaelic language .
Ca n't you just picture Ed in woman 's disguise ?
I managed to get in .
'' Who has made me a judge over them ? '' was all he said , smilingly , to Alyosha .
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
Are you the runner who escaped the underground city ?
You do n't worry .
Do you think Tom can speak French ?
Do you want fruit juice ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
Ask Trang if he 's going out this evening .
What curriculum does Fadil use to teach Arabic ?
Enjoy your meal !
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
'' You 're not asleep ? ''
What 's wrong with this plan ?
Tom seemed somewhat annoyed by that .
I ca n't believe my eyes .
How are you getting along ?
Can you prove which was the original language of your holy writings ?
Do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it ?